3 things to admire: Humility, Confidence, Commitment. 
3 things to maintain: Friendship, Promise, Honesty. 
3 things to control: Tongue, Temper, Temptation. 
3 things to prevent: Laziness, Complaining, Doubt. 
3 things to watch: Attitude, Behavior, Language.


Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose - Bill Gates


"Have more than you show, speak less than you know" ~ William Shakespeare


“ It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.” - Charles Darwin


"To be kind is good. To be kind without expecting anything in return is better." Tariq Ramadan


"The biggest communication problem is we don't listen to understand. We listen to reply."


“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” - Winston Churchill


It's nice to be important, but it's more important to be nice. -Unknown


"Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others." - Plato


"There are no facts, Only interpretations". - Friedrich Nietzsche


Everything is relative (Albert Einstein), everyone’s a relative (Charles Darwin).


"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison


“Never explain―your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.” 


“The most important step a man can take. It's not the first one, is it? It's the next one. Always the next step,” ― Brandon Sanderson


“Lies can make you feel good, truth makes you become good.”


Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. -Benjamin Franklin


The worst wheel of the cart makes the most noise. ~ Benjamin Franklin


"An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind."- Gandhi


Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works - Steve Jobs


"I have found the best way to give advice to your children is to find out what they want and then advise them to do it." — Harry S Truman


“When exposing a crime is treated as committing a crime, you are being ruled by criminals!” - Edward Snowden


“Complaining about a problem without proposing a solution is called whining” - Teddy Roosevelt


“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” - Albert Einstein


Quitters never win and winners never quit. -Unknown


"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." ~ Warren Buffett


You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him find it within himself. Galileo Galilei


"“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” ― Maya Angelou"


Be a butterfly; pretty to look at, hard to catch.


"Jack of all trades, master of none, though often better than a master of one." - Adam Savage


“To advice is to advice against, to advice against is to advise”


Do Not let one sour Grape ruin the Entire Vine


'The whiter the bread, the sooner you’ll be dead 


"When you talk, you are only repeating what you know. But if you listen, you may learn something new". -Dalai Lama


the biggest communication problem is that we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply..


The truth is everyone is going to hurt you. You just have to find the ones worth suffering for


“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” ― Albert Einstein


“Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.” ― Oscar Wilde


The wolf approached, the rooster crowed, the dog barked, the shepherd woke up, the parents arose, the wolf ran away, the shepherd slept and the dog lay down, the parents celebrated and then the rooster was slaughtered. Always the one who advises people is the victim!
L
“Failure isn’t fatal, but failure to change might be” — John Wooden

You cannot hide a light in the darkness. It will always be seen.


If we were meant to talk more than listen, we would have two mouths and one ear. ...Mark Twain


“Success comes from keeping the Ears Open and the Mouth Closed” – John D. Rockefeller


“To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering”- Friedrich Nietzche

Good judgment comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment. - Fred Brooks

“If you fail to plan, you’re planning to fail.”

"The problem with common sense is that it’s not that common"

“Expectation is the root of all heartache.” — William Shakespeare

"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney


Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. -A wise man


"The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget." - Thomas Szasz


Imagination is more important than knowledge. - Albert Einstein 

Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.


Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money but you cannot get more time.


"The truth will cause pain and lies will bring deciept, so i stay silent"


“I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.” - Friedrich Nietzsche


"We become what we think. If you think you're strong, you will be." — Vincenzo


Women always worry about things that men forget; men always worry about things women remember. - Albert Einstein


“Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.” - Soren Kierkegaard


“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill


"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." ~ Henry David Thoreau


"Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see" Arthur Schopenhauer


“Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature.” ~ Albert Einstein


"If you think you're too small to make a difference, you haven't spent the night with a mosquito" - African proverb


“The purpose of our lives is to be happy.” — Dalai Lama


“The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear.” ~ Rumi


"Language is the source of misunderstandings." — Antoine de Saint-Exupery


"The cynics, uhhh... may be the loudest voices-clears throat-, but, uhh and but I promise you America, they will hmmm... accomplish the least." - Bacack Obama


"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson


“Meditation isn’t about getting rid of your thoughts. It’s about learning how to be at ease with them.”


“You know, the ancient Egyptians had a beautiful belief about death. When their souls got to the entrance to heaven, the guards asked two questions. Their answers determined whether they were able to enter or not. ‘Have you found joy in your life?’ ‘Has your life brought joy to others?’”–Carter Cham


"People who think knowledge is expensive don't know the price of stupidity." - Dutch politician, businessman and mathematician Alexander Rinnooy Kan


"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." - Albert Einstein

"If you're not aware of the problem you either have nothing to do with the problem or the problem is you."

He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever. Chinese Proverb

"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." – Warren Buffet

“Beautiful days do not come to you. You must walk towards them.” —Rumi

Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise

"Everyone appreciates your honesty, until you're honest with them. Then you're an asshole" -George Carlin-

"Be thankful for everything, because everything teaches you something." - Unknown

"Understand. Don't memorize. Learn principles, not formulas." ~ Richard Feynman

The smarter you get, the less you speak.

"We don't have mistake just happy accidents." - Bob Ross

“I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.” - Albert Einstein

The saddest part about life is when the person who gave you the best memories, becomes a memory.

“Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.” ― Rumi

do not give the past the power to define your future !!

“People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” — Maya Angelou

Expectation is the root of all disappointment

I learned long ago to focus on things you can control and don’t even pay attention to things you don’t. Bryan Cranston

“Say yes when you want to say no”

“Stay away from negative people. They have a problem for every solution.” ― Albert Einstein

"I love how the internet was supposed to democratize information but it turns out all it did was make stupid people more confident" - Mikel Jollett

“You cannot see your reflection in boiling water. Similarly, you cannot see the truth in a state of anger. When the waters calm, clarity comes.” Unknown

"See, the problem is that God gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time" - Robin Williams

“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.” —Martin Luther King, Jr.

“What is poison?” asked to a shaman. “Anything that is more than we need is poison,” she said. “Power, food, ego, greed, jealousy, fear, anger, vanity, even goodwill...”

The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. - Friedrich Nietzsche

“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” —Winston Churchill

"History never repeats itself, but it does often rhyme." - Mark Twain

"I'd rather have a question that can't be answered than have an answer that can't be questioned." - Richard Feynman

"When people hurt you over and over, think of them like sand paper. They may scratch and hurt you a bit, but in the end, you end up polished and they end up useless." - Chris Colfer

"Dripping water hollows out stone, not through force but through persistence." - Ovid

“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” – Winston Churchill.

To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Walso Emerson

“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates.

"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." - Arthur Schopenhauer

"Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest." ~ Sri Chinmoy

"You have to be odd, to be number 1" - Dr. Suess

"Het idee dat uw onwetendheid even valide is als mijn kennis, is een van de grotere problemen van de democratie" - Isaac Asimov

People will forget what you said, People will forget what you did, But people will never forget how you made them feel.

"Most people do not listen with the intend to understand; they listen with the intent to reply" - Stephen Covey


Start by doing what’s necessary; then do what’s possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. – Francis of Assisi 

"Only in the darkness can you see the stars." - Martin Luther King. Jr.


“Spare your words, your actions will speak for you.” — Akiroq Brost


“Problems are just opportunities that haven’t presented themselves.”


“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” – Socrates


“You know what people watched before TV was invented? Each other’s backs.” 

"Whoever talks to you about others will talk to others about you."

"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." – Eleanor Roosevelt

“When you talk, you are only repeating what you know; But when you listen, you may learn something new” — Dalai Lama

“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” – Henry David Thoreau

“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.”

"I do not think that there is any other quality so essential to success of any kind as the quality of perseverance. It overcomes almost everything, even nature." - John D. Rockefeller

Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough. Oprah Winfrey

The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. -Walt Disney

There is no shame in not knowing, the shame lies in not finding out

“aimer, c’est savoir dire je t’aime sans parler” - victor hugo (To love is to know how to say I love you without speaking)

”Is this how our story is due to end? A tale of the smartest species doomed by that all too human characteristic of failing to see the bigger picture in pursuit of short term goals.” — David Attenborough, COP26 Climate Summit


Your thoughts do not create reality, but they do create your experience. -Alan Cohen

“Life is like a coin. You can spend it any way you wish, but you only spend it once.” — Lillian Dickson

Everything you can imagine is real. – Pablo Picasso

I never lose: either I win, or I learn. -Nelson Mandela

De viroloog moet “beroepsmatig” uitgaan van het slechtste scenario. De Arts gaat uit van het meest positieve (maakt altijd een behandelplan, ook al is de overlevingskans erg klein). Bedrijfsmatig is geen van beide standpunten levensvatbaar. 


'Een grootvader zei eens tegen zijn kleinzoon: ‘Er speelt zich een gevecht in mij af, een strijd tussen twee wolven. De ene is slecht, boos, hebzuchtig, jaloers, arrogant en laf. 
De andere is goed – hij is rustig, liefdevol, bescheiden, gul, eerlijk en betrouwbaar. Deze wolven vechten ook in jou en in ieder ander persoon.’
De jongen dacht even na en zei toen: ‘Welke wolf zal winnen?’
De oude man glimlachte.
‘De wolf die jij voedt.'


"Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value." -- Albert Einstein

"Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing." - John C. Maxwell

“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.” — Kung Fu Panda

Ongeluk zit in een klein hoekje dus geluk zit bijna overal.

“Life’s not about how hard of a hit you can give… it’s about how many you can take, and still keep moving forward.” ― Rocky Balboa

"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'"— Audrey Hepburn

“The secrecy of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less” - Socrates

“I am not who you think I am; I am not who I think I am; I am who I think you think I am.” - Thomas Cooley

Creativity is connecting things that are seemingly unconnected—Steve Jobs

"A winner’s attitude: it may be difficult, but it’s possible. A loser’s attitude: It may be possible, but it’s too difficult." - William James

"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Benjamin Franklin

"Hard work beats talent when talent doesn’t work hard."

“Coming together is the beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” -- Henry Ford

“The problem with the world is that the intelligent people are full of doubts, while the stupid ones are full of confidence.” ― Charles Bukowski

“Happiness is a journey, not a destination.” – Buddha

Listening : - "The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said" - Peter Drucker


“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.” "Written by Socrates"


"“It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste.” - Henry Ford"

"We have two lives, the second begins when we realise we only have one" - Confucius

"Talent without working hard is nothing." - Cristiano Ronaldo

"If you are willing to do only what's easy, life will be hard. But if you're willing to do what's hard, life will be easy." -T. Harv Eker

the sun shines even behind the darkest clouds.

“Remember, every problem has an answer. If you cannot find the answer yourself, your problem is then to find that one person who can find the answer for you.” - Kinchit Bihani

I... a universe of atoms, an atom in the universe.
Richard P. Feynman

When you're happy you listen to music , when you're sad you understand lyrics.

You gotta have a little sadness once in a while so you know when the good times come - Bob Ross

Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. Abraham Lincoln

"I am not what I think I am, I am not what you think I am. I am what I think you think I am." --- Charles Cooley

“What we see depends mainly on what we look for.” —Sir John Lubbock

“A seed can only grow when there’s soil, air, rain, and sun. You need more than yourself in order to grow into something greater.“ -Landyn Kuberski

“The key is not to prioritize what’s on your schedule but to schedule your priorities.” – Stephen Covey


"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn."

“He who cannot obey himself will be commanded. That is the nature of living creatures” ~Friedrich Nietzsche

"The greatest glory in living lies not in never failing, but in rising every time we fail." - Nelson Mandela

"Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without." - Confucius

If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery, it would not seem so wonderful at all. -Michelangelo

"When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.” — Jimi Hendrix

The only true path to success is “Yes, I can.” -Cargleby

"The world is not dangerous because of those who do harm but because of those who look at it without doing anything." Albert Einstein

“No one can arrive from being talented alone, work transforms talent into genius.” —Anna Pavlova

"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." - Albert Einstein

"Those who hate you don't win unless you hate them, and then you destroy yourself." - Richard Nixon

"You don't need more time, you need less distractions" -S.W.C

"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." -Henry Ford

“Experience is the best teacher, and the worst experiences teach the best lessons.” ~ Jordan Peterson

"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards." — Soren Kierkegaard

"Learn from the mistakes of others. You can’t live long enough to make them all yourself." Eleanor Roosevelt

"They say you've changed a lot, I say a lot changed me" -unknown

“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.” —Stephen R. Covey

"Stay away from negative people, they have a problem for every solution. "

I will not allow anyone to walk in my mind with dirty feet.

"Television is for appearing on - not for looking at." — Noel Coward

"Always and never are two words you should always remember never to use." — Wendell Johnson

"Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success." ~Henry Ford~

“The biggest communication problem is we don’t listen to understand; we listen to reply.” — Stephen R. Covey (1932-2012)

“Don’t go around saying the world owes you a living, the world owes you nothing, it was here first” - Mark Twain

Confidence and stupidity are a very dangerous combination, but they often go together. -Sadhguru

“We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are.“ - Anaïs Nin

“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” - Roy T. Bennett


'De baas is degene die ik móét volgen en de leider is degene die ik wíl volgen'

"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." — Thomas A. Edison

“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.” - Albert Einstein 

“The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.” - Henry Ford

“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” —Mike Murdock

“Most people spend more time and energy going around problems than in trying to solve them. “ — Henry Ford 

“Twee dingen zijn oneindig: het universum en menselijke domheid; en ik ben niet zeker over het universum.” — Albert Einstein 

Als een potvis op een pispot pist heb je een pispot vol met potvispis.

“To speak ill of others is a dishonest way of praising ourselves. . . let us be above such transparent egotism.” ― Will Durant

Things you hate doing but love after are better than things you love doing but hate after

“The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.” —Mike Murdock

“Darkness cannot drive out darkness: only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.

“F-E-A-R: has two meanings: Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise. The choice is yours.” — Zig Ziglar

“Men build too many walls and not enough bridges.” ― Joseph Fort Newton

Men are like Bluetooth: He is connected to you when you are nearby, but searches for, other devices Women are like WiFi: she sees all available devices but connects to the strongest one

When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal, you do not change your decision to get there. Zig Ziglar

“You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." Zig Ziglar

Je moet hooien als de zon schijnt 

“We can’t help everyone but everyone can help someone” -Ronald Reagan

The man who asks may be a fool for one day, but the man who never asks will be a fool for life. Confucius

“Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.” —Robert Louis Stevenson


Continual effort, not strength or intelligence, is the key to unlocking our potential.” ~ Winston Churchill

'Over a decade or so, rhe rhythm of most couples' sex lives goes from tri-weekly to try weekly to try weakly'. - Satirist Victor Lewis-Smith.


“Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally. It comes from what you do consistently.” —Marie Forleo


We offer three kind of services, 
good - cheap - fast
You can pick any two.
Good service cheap won’t be fast
Good service fast won’t be cheap
Fast service cheap won’t be good

"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and to remove all doubt." Abraham Lincoln.

"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one" - Elbert Hubbard

You have mass. You take up space. That means you matter. 

Sunshine all the time makes a desert

It is as great an error to speak well of a worthless man as to speak ill of a good man. - Leonardo Da Vinci

The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change. The realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward

"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." -Arthur Schopenhauer

“Think before you speak. Read before you think.” -- Fran Lebowitz (b. 1950)

It's the things we love most That destroy us. -The Hunger Games

"Find what you love, and let it kill you." - Charles Bukowski

Als je ergens niet voor betaald ben jij het product 

“Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor.” —Jackson Browne 

Macht eist tegenmacht (het leven is een weegschaal)

Op een gegeven moment wordt kwantiteit ook kwaliteit 

"Choice, not chance, determines your destiny." -- Aristotle

“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ‘I’m possible!’” —Audrey Hepburn

Je kunt beter hebben dat ze van binnen naar buiten pissen dan dat ze van buiten naar binnen pissen 

Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett

"Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited, imagination encircles the world." ~ Albert Einstein


You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. – Zig Ziglar

“I have two kinds of problems, the urgent and the important. The urgent are not important, and the important are never urgent.” —Dwight D. Eisenhower 

"The quieter you become, the more you are able to hear." - Rumi

"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." —Thomas A. Edison

'Een professor gaf een lezing in een aula vol studenten over het gegeven dat iedereen tijd tekortkomt en de stress die hieruit voortkomt. Hij 'zette een grote vaas voor zich neer en vulde die tot aan de rand met keien. Hij vroeg: ‘Is deze vaas vol?’ De zaal antwoordde bevestigend. Vervolgens nam hij een zak met steentjes en schudde die leeg in de vaas. De steentjes baanden zich een weg tussen de keien onder invloed van onze goede vriend, de zwaartekracht. Opnieuw stelde hij de vraag: ‘Is de vaas nu vol?’ Al wat meer aarzelend antwoordde de zaal bevestigend. Hij nam een hoopje zand en strooide het in de vaas. Ook nu tot aan de rand en stelde 'opnieuw dezelfde vraag. Nu moest hij toch echt vol zijn? Ten slotte opende hij een flesje bier en goot het helemaal leeg. Nu zei hij zelf: ‘Pas nu is de vaas vol.’ Alle studenten keken hem vragend aan en na een moment van reflectie gaf de professor tekst en uitleg bij deze op het eerste gezicht vreemde vertoning. ‘Deze vaas staat voor het leven’, zei hij. ‘Iedereen wil een zo rijk en gevuld mogelijk leven. De keien staan voor de belangrijkste dingen in het leven, zoals gezondheid, liefde, familie en 'vrienden. De stenen staan voor eveneens zeer belangrijke zaken zoals een dak boven je hoofd, een goede baan enzovoort. Het zand staat voor alle dingen die we willen en die ons plezier verschaffen. De kleren die we dragen, de programma’s op tv, een vakantie, een uitstapje of sociale media. Als we de vaas eerst vullen met de keien, daarna met de stenen en pas daarna met zand, is er ruimte genoeg voor al deze zaken. Als we echter de vaas eerst vullen met zand, is er ruimte te kort voor de stenen en keien. ' Na een korte stilte merkte een student op dat hij het flesje bier niet meer had vermeld. De professor antwoordde het volgende: ‘Hoe rijk en gevuld je leven ook is, er is altijd tijd en ruimte voor een biertje met je vrienden.

"A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is still putting on its shoes." - Mark Twain

“Strive for progress, not perfection.” —David Perlmutter


"The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend." ― Robertson Davies


"An expert is a man who has made all the mistakes which can be made, in a narrow field."- Niels Bohr


“The meaning of life is to give life meaning.” ― Viktor E. Frankl


“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.” ― Albert Einstein


"Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." -Albert Einstein 


“Creativity is intelligence having fun.” – Albert Einstein

"Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them." 

Haast je als je tijd hebt, dan heb je tijd als je haast hebt

Een bijtende hond moet je straffen, want anders blijf hij bijten.

Ook een goede hond kun je vals maken

Het leven wordt voortwaarts geleefd en achterwaarts begrepen 

Ik kom niet om lammeren te leiden maar om leeuwen te ontwaken 

The Japanese man replied, "Actually, I think you're smarter."
The African, a bit surprised, asked, "How's that?"
The Japanese explained, "Well, out of every 10 Japanese, there's 1 who's smart and 9 who are below average. But in your case, you have 9 smart people and just 1 who's below average."
He went on, "We place the smart person in leadership, and the other 9 follow their lead, while in your situation, the only below average person is in charge, and the 9 smart ones are following their instructions. That's why it might seem like we're all so smart!"


Als het niet kan zoals het moet, moet het maar zoals het kan.

Een mislukking is pas een mislukking als je opgeeft

Life doesn't happen to you. It happens to you.

Kennis kun je delen wijsheid niet

Als je niets te doen hebt, doe het dan niet hier

Hij praat vijf kwartier in het uur.

Richard Feynman said, “Never confuse education with intelligence, you can have a PhD and still be an idiot.”


Aristotle's concept of the "golden mean" refers to the idea that virtue lies in finding a middle ground between two extremes of excess and deficiency. It's not a rigid mathematical average, but rather a flexible point of balance that depends on the specific situation and individual. This "mean" is not always equidistant between the extremes, and practical wisdom is needed to determine the appropriate course of action in any given circumstance

Het maakt niet uit het een witte kat of een zwarte kat is, als hij de muizen maar vangt - Deng Xiaoping -

Most of the evil in human history is done by people with good intensions

The road to heaven feels like hell,The road to hell feels like heaven - Adeline Atlas
